docs: update description and default value for `concurrently-init-stats` in configuration file (#20254)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

### `concurrently-init-stats` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.1.0 and v7.5.2</span>

> + Controls whether to initialize statistics concurrently during TiDB startup. Only takes effect when [`lite-init-stats`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#lite-init-stats-new-in-v710) is set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Controls whether to initialize statistics concurrently during TiDB startup. This configuration item takes effect only when [`lite-init-stats`](#lite-init-stats-new-in-v710) is set to `false`.
```

> + Default value: `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `false` for versions earlier than v8.2.0, `true` for v8.2.0 and later versions.
```

Author: No, this still holds true even in v8.2.0. See: https://github.com/Rustin170506/tidb/blob/821e491a20fbab36604b36b647b5bae26a2c1418/pkg/config/config.go#L1022
